## Testing

I used Google Chrome Developer Tools throughout the project. It was an invaluable resource to check how HTML and CSS changes would look. It was a particularly useful tool to have when checking for responsiveness on difference sized devices. In particular, when checking the embedded YouTube video worked on smaller screen devices in horizontal view. The video is best viewed in horizontal mode on tablet and mobile devices. Another way the Developer Tools were useful was for viewing the Bootstrap navbar, cards and contact form. I had used the Bootstrap responsive classes in order to make sure they filled the screen on smaller devices. I am happy with the mobile first design of the website and the way it looks clear and easy to read on a mobile sized device. With current trends in how users are viewing websites a mobile first design and good user experience on small devices is crucial. The website also lends itself to tablet sized devices. The only criticism for viewing on a tablet sized device is that the Contact page and Media page have some dead space that could be utilised.

When I first viewed my Contact page using the Developer Tools in Chrome, I noticed that the heading and subheading for the page pushed the contact form lower down on smaller device sizes. This meant that the user experience would be hindered and visually it was not appealing. I decided to use media queries to hide the subheading for smaller devices to eliminate this visual issue.

I used the Lighthouse tool to check over my website in the final tests. The red colour I had been using throughout my site was flagged up as not being acceptable for accessibility. I have therefore changed the red colour in the final stages to a more suitable colour of red on the black background. This is something I would not have been aware of otherwise.